slippery, the dividend will not be over  Living
this interest rate relatively up to say this, is attractive good, the
third thing, is the repurchase there, some people say, last time this
is called shrinking horse this time to add horse repurchase
I feel  It's funny because this, and the same is
when I see the management process this, get a message, you do not
let two 2 billion, three is is he confused you
Simply put, every month  So ah last public results this so the
fourth quarter ah, it was on February.  So the announcement of the first
quarter of April 20th, February and mid-April this will make it 2
months, so so the last time February 20th results this is two
months ah ah, 1 billion per month ah not ah purchase
This time in April, when is the second quarter of the season, not July
, so April to July
56 is 3 months, so this time this is not 3 billion, in
fact, no change, 2 billion, 2 billion is not changed  Come and
jump, you think it is like this because you do not understand 唧, in fact, it